Miss?
Berger.
Wagon 2600 is...
Yes?
It's gone.
Zero Zero. come in...
This is Edward Diehl.
Manager at the Network Control Center.
Who are we talking to. please?
Who the devil is this?
Hello? Can I help you?
Wait. please. You can't go down there...
Who is this "John Bailey-Brown?"
As far as we can tell.
he's a British criminal. A fugitive.
And the guy asking for him.
the hijacker. he's British too?
Yes.
Has anyone spoken to British Intelligence?
All agencies have been alerted.
But we need to act fast.
There has been a serious threat to life.
More serious than my daughter's band
murdering Beethoven?
They are evacuating all the stations.
But it's rush hour.
Hopefully that's the worst
that happens today.
We make everyone late for work.
We're working on it.
Okay. the Chief of Police is inbound.
Let's get our house in order
before she arrives.
Miss Berger...
I don't understand.
The last signal the train went through?
Rotes Rathaus?
Yes. but then it...
vanished.
Evacuate the U5. All trains and stations.
Now.
The rest of you. Max. the U8. Sabine?
Sabine. the U7.
And so on.
We hold all trains.
but we don't crash the whole network.
We don't want mass panic.
If he contacts you again. you call me.
Where are you going?
To find your disappearing train.
Control. this is Wagon 2637.
What's going on?
Evacuate your train. That's an order.
And stay off this channel.
I doubt it.
How come?
What's going on?
I'm hearing there's a driver
in serious trouble.
On this line?
Edward Diehl. network manager.
Good day.
What's happening with this train?
We have the U5 locked down and
the rest of the network is on hold.
Good.
There's only a few more stations
on the line.
There's only so far he can go. yes?
Yes.
You do know where the train is. Mr. Diehl?
This map is simplified.
In reality. down there it's...
a labyrinth.
Who has been speaking to him?
Clara Berger.
- Good day.
- Hello.
You deal with a lot of these?
It's my second week here.
Then let's hear what this guy has to say.
Hey. Driver?
What's the hold up?
Excuse me. Driver?
Is everything all right?
You're bleeding.
Sorry?
You have a cut.
What about the driver?
Can we talk to him?
Otto. are you there?
Zero Zero. why aren't you answering?
Wishing you a pleasant onward journey.
Zero Zero. can you hear me?
Why aren't you answering?
- Which button do I press? This one?
- This one.
What's he doing here?
Wait. I'll take that.
Detective Beck.
In the toilet?
Yes.
HELLO.
MR. NELSON
He's heading on to the U8.
The U8? How is that possible?
Miss Berger will explain.
Excuse me. you're the last ones...
you need to leave. please.
That's it. That's all of them. Thanks.
All station managers be advised.
Please report to Alexanderplatz
to assist with evacuation.
Copy that. Control. I can attend.
The U5. yes?
No. U8.
Okay. Clara.
Stick to the script.
We can hear everything
between you and the train...
and we'll step in if you need us.
Understood?
Understood.
Good.
Good job.
GSG9 can be on site in 15 minutes.
Yes. okay. Copy that.
Let's go.
To Alexanderplatz.
Hello. Driver?
Hello? Why are you lying to us?
Why have we stopped again?
I've already announced that.
Please go back to your seat.
Wasn't that British guy
going to patch you up?
We're two minutes out from Alexanderplatz.
Get ready.
We've arrived at Alexanderplatz.
There's the passenger.
he has the briefcase.
So we just let this guy go up in smoke?
Maybe we should just move the train.
A strike is our only option.
Send them in.
Engage.
Understood.
We've got eyes on the passenger.
No sign of the target.
How is he seeing this?
Fall back.
Back.
Excuse me?
We are evacuating this station.
Stop.
Hold position.
Did you hear what I just said?
Well. who is that?
That's one of our station managers.
I thought we had it locked down!
Help me.
Get this off me.
Why? What's in there?
Don't move. He has a bomb!
What?
Cover him. I'll go for her.
Please.
Help me.
Don't move!
Come here.
Come to me.
Come. come. come. Let's move.
Don't go.
Everyone with me. Pull back.
Help!
TECHNICAL FAULT